{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FranklinGothic-Book;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\author Administrator}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh13540\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li450\ri540\qc

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \
Terronze Mitchell\
\pard\pardeftab720\li450\ri540\qc

\fs20 \cf0 9465 clearwood Houston Tx\
(248)-586-3811\
\pard\pardeftab720\li450\ri540\qc
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Terronze@yahoo.com\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0                  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs28 \cf0       Qualifications
\fs20 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li450\ri540
\cf0 Extensive product knowledge coupled with creative ideas for product applications and a solid history of marketing success. Proven ability to develop sales potential in new market areas with Strong analytical and planning skills, combined with the ability to coordinate the efforts of many to meet organizational goals. Time management, Social Perceptiveness, and Active Listening Experience, Accompanied by speaking, persuasion, and service orientation skills. Productive and efficient work habits without supervision, Office skills and phone adequate, along with computer skills. The ability to instruct, supervises, and motivates others, Self-motivator with a positive high energy attitude.  \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li450\ri540

\fs28 \cf0 Education\
\pard\pardeftab720\li450\ri540

\fs20 \cf0 Macomb Community College Clinton Twp., MI                                                     Marketing August 2008- 2011                                         \
                                                                                                        Roseville High School Roseville, MI  General Education August 2004- June 2008\
                                                                    \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri540

\fs32 \cf0    Elite Marketing Company
\fs20  \
     Marketing rep/ Promoter      July 2011- April 2012\
     Handled marketing, promotions, and event campaigns for various companies some include Kmart,            \
     Quiznos, family dollar and Pepsi. Performed advertising task which included ad campaigns, new \
     Product lunches and ad sales. Coordinated in store events, promotions and demonstrations. \
     Came up with key marketing strategies to boast sales for new products, stores with low revenue. \
     Some things include sampling coupons, and posters etc. Designed flyers, coupons, and posters  \
     As well.\
            \
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li450\ri540
\cf0 \
  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri540

\fs28 \cf0    Relevant Experience                                                          \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri540

\fs20 \cf0     Leasing Advisor/ Used Car Manager Assistant \'96 Meade Dodge        January 2009- June 2011\
\pard\tx375\tx555\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sb20
\cf0 Leasing Advisor which includes Lease returns, Inspections, and Leasing of New vehicles; Oversees new car preparatory, Dealer trades, Internet Marketing for new and used vehicles, also V auto programming software. Assistant to Used Car Manager by handling Merchandising, Credit Union Sales, Certifying pre own vehicles, and planning Events. Handles sales of new and used cars including leasing or buy paperwork. Communicates daily with Chrysler, Financial, Manheim, and Mopar, Also, handling general office duties some of which include faxes, filing, and inventory.\
  \
\pard\pardeftab720\li450\ri540
\cf0   \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri540
\cf0     Marketing Internship - Consumer Impact Marketing     June 2009- September 2009\
\pard\pardeftab720\li450\ri540
\cf0 Communicated daily with marketing partners, which included sending marketing materials, also printing and advertising materials to outside consumers; Handled inventory, merchandising, and assisted in staffing and coordinating events with management team. Planned and executed marketing plans, events, and social media marketing. Flier dropping, internet marketing, newspaper campaigns, press releases, and managed small marketing groups; Assisted veteran sales associates in sales, marketing, and generating leads. \
\
\
Boxford Hospital \'96 Housekeeping  June 2008- December 2008\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri540
\cf0      Preforming duties like taking out trash for hospital, cleaning and sanitizing areas in need and \
     Helping patients with comfort ability.    \
 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri540

\fs28 \cf0   Extracurricular Activities\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri540

\fs20 \cf0    Working on various outside marketing campaigns for organizations, school, and business      associates; Exercising and Improving my overall health by also running, walking, and bike riding. Volunteering Spending time with family, and Networking. \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs28 \cf0 References
\fs20 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri540
\cf0 Are available upon request. \
         \
}