{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\fs20{\fonttbl{\f0\fswissfswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f5\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f99\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Arial;}{\f100\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f101\fnil\fcharset2 Wingdings;}{\f102\fcharset204{\*\fname Courier New;}Courier New CYR;}{\f103\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f104\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;}
{\stylesheet {\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}{\s3 heading 3;}{\s4 heading 4;}{\s5 heading 5;}{\s6 heading 6;}}
{\info{\doccomm Created by the HTML-to-RTF Pro DLL .Net 4.7.4.25}}
\paperw11907\paperh16839\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\viewkind1\viewscale100\viewzk2

\pard\fs20\lang1033\f3\fs28\cf0\b\qc\sb0\sa0 MATTHEW T CHEATHEAM\par
\f3\fs20\cf0\qc\sb0\sa0 605 MAIN ST\par
\f3\fs20\cf0\qc\sb0\sa0 DAVENPORT, IA 52802\par
\f3\fs20\cf0\qc\sb0\sa0 (563) 499-5412 (Home)\line
(563) 499-4164 (Home)\line
(563) 484-5777 (Home)
\par
\f3\fs20\cf0\qc\sb0\sa0 matt.cheatheam@gmail.com\par
\f3\fs28\cf0\b0\qc\sb0\sa0 \'a0\par
\f3\fs24\cf0\b\qc\sb0\sa0 Professional Profile\par
\f3\fs20\cf0\b0\qc\sb0\sa0 \'a0\par
\f3\fs20\cf0\qj\sb0\sa0 I have 18 years of experience, including as a Painter, House or Other Buildings, as a Gutter Installer and as an Oil Changer in industries including Chemicals and Allied Products, Construction Special Trade Contractors and Automotive Repair, Services, and Parking. Most recently, I have been working as a Painter, House or Other Buildings at M.P.C.F. from April 2013 to December 2014. My skills and experiences include: Carpentry, Painting, Paint Shop Pro, Packaging, Visual Basic, Hoisting Equipment.\par
\f3\fs24\cf0\qc\sb0\sa0 \'a0\par
\f3\fs24\cf0\b\qc\sb0\sa0 Skills\par
\f3\fs20\cf0\b0\qc\sb0\sa0 \'a0\par
\f3\fs20\cf0\qj\sb0\sa0 Carpentry-Finish, Carpentry-Rough, Cement, Drywall, Forklift, Oil/Tire Change, Warehouse / Production, Carpentry, Cleaning, Equipment Cleaning, Caulking Equipment, Chisels, Manlifts, Paint Roller, Painting, Personnel Lifts, Power Drills, Power Saws, Screwdrivers, Masonry, Microsoft Windows, Oil Painting, Circular Saws, Claw Hammers, Dollies, Drill Presses, Grease Guns, Hand Tools, Locking Pliers, Mallets, Nail Guns, Open End Wrenches, Power Tools, Repair, Socket Wrenches, Paint Shop Pro, Power Grinders, Power Sanders, Preventive Maintenance, Plaster, Grinders, Packaging, Pallet Jack Operation, Visual Basic, Hoisting Equipment, Communication Skills, Cordless Drill, Dimensions, Framing Squares, Hammer Drills, Mathematics, Metal Cutters, Pipe Cutters, Problem Solving, Wire Cutters, Writing\par
\f3\fs24\cf0\qc\sb0\sa0 \'a0\par
\f3\fs24\cf0\b\qc\sb0\sa0 Employment History\par
\f3\fs20\cf0\b0\qc\sb0\sa0 \'a0\par

\trowd
\trgaph15\trleft10

\clvertalc
\cellx5279
\clvertalc
\cellx8927
\intbl \f0\fs20\cf0\b\ql\sb0\sa0 Painter, House or Other Buildings\cell
\intbl \f0\fs20\cf0\qr\sb0\sa0 Apr. 2013 to Dec. 2014\cell\pard\intbl\row

\trowd
\trgaph15\trleft10

\clvertalc
\cellx8927
\intbl \f0\fs20\cf0\ql\sb0\sa0 M.P.C.F., Mount Pleasant, IA\cell\pard\intbl\row

\trowd
\trgaph15\trleft10

\clvertalc
\cellx8927
\intbl \f0\fs20\cf0\b0\ql\sb0\sa0 Painted walls, equipment, furniture, ceilings, buildings and structural surfaces. Went over work orders or instructions. Measured surface to be painted. Caulked baseboards and window frames if necessary. Removed old paint with scrapers and wire brushes. Cleaned surfaces with mildew remover. Smoothed rough spots with sandpaper. Filled holes of surface with filler. Put up and dismantled scaffolding and ladders. Maintained and repaired masonry and wood surfaces. Repaired plaster walls and plaster ceilings. Cleaned painting tools. Operated equipment such as sanders. Kept interior and exterior property clean and orderly. Performed heavy cleaning duties such as cleaning floors, shampooing rugs, washing walls, washing glass, removing rubbish, maintaining furniture and cleaning fixtures. Notified management of repair needs. Did minor maintenance repairs. Moved and dusted furniture and fixtures. Maintained restrooms. Gathered and disposed of trash. Maintained floors and carpets. Used prescribed solutions to clean windows and walls. Followed procedures for using chemical cleaners. Complied with all regulations and corporate custodial guidelines. Cleaned and performed preventative maintenance on custodial equipment. Knowledge sets include: Caulking guns, Chippers, Chipping hammers, Coating, Cold chisels, Edging tools, Float trowels, Floor scrapers, Hammers, Hand sprayers, Hole saws, Ladders, Masonry, Paint brush cleaner spinners, Paint brushes, Paint rollers, Paint shakers, Paint Shop, Painter, Painting, Painting edgers, Patching knives, Power drills, Power grinders, Power sanders, Power saws, Putty chisels, Putty knives, Razor knives, Safety boots, Saws, Scaffolding, Screwdrivers, Stencils, Stencils or lettering aids, Utility knives, Wire brushes, Carpet cleaning equipment, Carpet shampooers, Dry mops, Dust mops, Floor buffers, Floor scrubbers, Industrial vacuums, Power floor scrubbers, Push brooms, Squeegees or washers, Step ladders, Vacuum cleaners, Wet mops, Window squeegees.\cell\pard\intbl\row
\pard
\qj\par

\f3\fs20\cf0\qj\sb0\sa0 \'a0\par

\trowd
\trgaph15\trleft10

\clvertalc
\cellx5279
\clvertalc
\cellx8927
\intbl \f0\fs20\cf0\b\ql\sb0\sa0 Painter, House or Other Buildings\cell
\intbl \f0\fs20\cf0\qr\sb0\sa0 Apr. 2012 to Feb. 2013\cell\pard\intbl\row

\trowd
\trgaph15\trleft10

\clvertalc
\cellx8927
\intbl \f0\fs20\cf0\ql\sb0\sa0 A.S.P., Anamosa, IA\cell\pard\intbl\row

\trowd
\trgaph15\trleft10

\clvertalc
\cellx8927
\intbl \f0\fs20\cf0\b0\ql\sb0\sa0 Painted walls, equipment, furniture, ceilings, buildings and structural surfaces. Went over work orders or instructions. Caulked baseboards and window frames if necessary. Removed old paint with paint remover, scrapers and wire brushes. Cleaned surfaces with turpentine and mildew remover. Smoothed rough spots with sandpaper. Filled holes of surface with filler. Put up and dismantled scaffolding and ladders. Maintained and repaired masonry and wood surfaces. Repaired plaster walls and plaster ceilings. Cleaned painting tools. Operated equipment such as sanders. Knowledge sets include: Hoists.\cell\pard\intbl\row
\pard
\qj\par

\f3\fs20\cf0\qj\sb0\sa0 \'a0\par

\trowd
\trgaph15\trleft10

\clvertalc
\cellx3615
\clvertalc
\cellx8927
\intbl \f0\fs20\cf0\b\ql\sb0\sa0 Gutter Installer\cell
\intbl \f0\fs20\cf0\qr\sb0\sa0 Sept. 2004 to Aug. 2005\cell\pard\intbl\row

\trowd
\trgaph15\trleft10

\clvertalc
\cellx8927
\intbl \f0\fs20\cf0\ql\sb0\sa0 Schwarz Roofing & Gutters, Davenport, IA\cell\pard\intbl\row

\trowd
\trgaph15\trleft10

\clvertalc
\cellx8927
\intbl \f0\fs20\cf0\b0\ql\sb0\sa0 Constructed and assembled sheet metal products. Fabricated and installed sheet metal products such as flashing, gutters and down spouts. Worked with materials such as copper sheet, aluminum and composite. Read and interpreted blueprints, written instructions and verbal instructions. Laid out and marked dimensions and reference lines on material. Fabricated or altered parts at construction sites. Planned daily and weekly activities. Demonstrated good communication skills. Used problem solving skills to determine maintenance techniques, repair procedures, tool requirements and work area set up. Demonstrated knowledge in mathematics such as arithmetic. Used measuring devices and layout tools such as squares, rulers and templates. Used industry tools such as hammers, metal cutters, drills, punches, nail sets, sequential forming machines, saws and wrenches. Knowledge sets include: Allen wrenches, Applied Mathematics, Applied Production ProFold, Ball peen hammers, Bandsaws, Bolt cutters, Caulking guns, Center punches, Chalk lines, Communication Skills, Cordless drills, Cutoff saws, Dimplers, Dollies, Drill presses, End cut pliers, Framing squares, Hacksaws, Hammer drills, Hammers, Hand notchers, Hole punches, Impact wrenches, Ladders, Locking pliers, Mathematics, Metal cutters, Nibblers, Nut drivers, Pipe cutters, Pop rivet guns, Power drills, Problem Solving, Problem Solving Skills, Protective gloves, Safety gloves, Safety goggles, Saws, Scaffolding, Screwdrivers, Sheet metal pliers, Side cutting pliers, Socket sets, Socket wrench sets, Squares, Straight edges, T squares, Tape measures, Templates, Verbal, Verbal Communication, Verbal Communication Skills, Vise grip pliers, Wire cutters, Written, Written Communication, Written Communication Skills.\cell\pard\intbl\row
\pard
\qj\par

\f3\fs20\cf0\qj\sb0\sa0 \'a0\par

\trowd
\trgaph15\trleft10

\clvertalc
\cellx3044
\clvertalc
\cellx8927
\intbl \f0\fs20\cf0\b\ql\sb0\sa0 Oil Changer\cell
\intbl \f0\fs20\cf0\qr\sb0\sa0 Feb. 1999 to Apr. 2002\cell\pard\intbl\row

\trowd
\trgaph15\trleft10

\clvertalc
\cellx8927
\intbl \f0\fs20\cf0\ql\sb0\sa0 Degreve Oil Change, Davenport, IA\cell\pard\intbl\row

\trowd
\trgaph15\trleft10

\clvertalc
\cellx8927
\intbl \f0\fs20\cf0\b0\ql\sb0\sa0 Cleaned floors, restrooms, equipment. Emptied trash. Checked air pressure in tires. Checked and serviced oil, transmissions, radiators, water, air, tires. Gave directions. Made repairs by changing oil, changing filters. Stocked shelves. Straightened shelves. Assisted customers quickly. My accomplishments included: Change oil and check all fluids in under 5min. Knowledge sets include: Adjustable hand wrenches, Adjustable wrenches, Grease guns, Hammers, Jacks, Lug wrenches, Oil, Pullers, Screwdrivers, Socket sets, Socket wrench sets, Specialty wrenches.\cell\pard\intbl\row
\pard
\qj\par

\f3\fs20\cf0\qj\sb0\sa0 \'a0\par

\trowd
\trgaph15\trleft10

\clvertalc
\cellx4193
\clvertalc
\cellx8927
\intbl \f0\fs20\cf0\b\ql\sb0\sa0 Paint Line Operator\cell
\intbl \f0\fs20\cf0\qr\sb0\sa0 Aug. 1998 to Feb. 1999\cell\pard\intbl\row

\trowd
\trgaph15\trleft10

\clvertalc
\cellx8927
\intbl \f0\fs20\cf0\ql\sb0\sa0 Go Temp/at R&O Specialties, East Moline &Rock Island, IL\cell\pard\intbl\row

\trowd
\trgaph15\trleft10

\clvertalc
\cellx8927
\intbl \f0\fs20\cf0\b0\ql\sb0\sa0 Performed visual inspections. Prepared surfaces for painting. Refinished surfaces. Painted a variety of surfaces including equipment. Determined coating quality. Masked surfaces not to be painted. Performed touch-ups. Cleaned surfaces prior to painting. Sanded rough spots to ensure that finishes will adhere properly. Removed old paint using liquid paint removers and scrapers. Regulated conveyor speeds. Operated bench and hand power tools including sanders, grinders and screw gun. Started and stopped operation of machines. Determined paint flow, viscosity and coating quality. Selected appropriate coatings, paints, sprays and cleaners. Regulated conveyor speeds, flow and spray of coatings. Painted using pressure-pot paint spray systems and spray guns. Knowledge sets include: Lifting Equipment, Paint Shop, Visual, Visual Basic, Visual Basic 6.0, Paint, Visual Basic 4.0.\cell\pard\intbl\row
\pard
\qj\par

\f3\fs20\cf0\qj\sb0\sa0 \'a0\par

\trowd
\trgaph15\trleft10

\clvertalc
\cellx3654
\clvertalc
\cellx8927
\intbl \f0\fs20\cf0\b\ql\sb0\sa0 Picker / Packer\cell
\intbl \f0\fs20\cf0\qr\sb0\sa0 Aug. 1997 to Aug. 1998\cell\pard\intbl\row

\trowd
\trgaph15\trleft10

\clvertalc
\cellx8927
\intbl \f0\fs20\cf0\ql\sb0\sa0 Flynn Beverage Company, Davenport, IA\cell\pard\intbl\row

\trowd
\trgaph15\trleft10

\clvertalc
\cellx8927
\intbl \f0\fs20\cf0\b0\ql\sb0\sa0 Labeled packages and products. Met packing requirements. Maintained production and packaging records. Received and processed items for shipment. Loaded and unloaded delivery trucks. Prepared items for shipment. Inspected products quality before packing. Loaded materials into processing equipment. Checked lot numbers and expiration dates. Operated equipment. Worked as a team. Able to lift more than 50 lbs. Knowledge sets include: Box sealing tape dispensers, Combination polypropylene strapping tools, Fork-Lift, Forklifts, Glue guns, Industrial shrink wrap equipment, Label applicators, Loading, Packing, Pallet jacks, Pistol grip tape dispensers, Plastic strap crimpers, Unloading, Utility knives.\cell\pard\intbl\row
\pard
\qj\par

\f3\fs20\cf0\qj\sb0\sa0 \'a0\par
}