{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}{\s3 heading 3;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\qc\b\i\f0\fs32 David J. Schlessinger\i0\f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\f0\fs26 PO Box 1322\par
Cedar Crest, NM 87008\par
575-613-0124\par
\cf1\ul schless74@yahoo.com\cf0\ulnone\f1\fs32\par
\par
\b0\fs26 Environmental professional with diverse natural resource management skills and experience in international environmental/development work.\fs24\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\fs28\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\qc Career Experience\f2 :\fs20  \f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\fs22 United States Peace Corps - Environmental Extension Volunteer, Tanzania Africa\par
\b0 36 Zambia Road, PO Box 9123, Dar Es Salaam, Tanzania  October 2011- December 2013\par
\par
Peace Corps environmental extension volunteer in Tanzania. Lived/worked in a Southern Highlands village.  Self Supervised\b  \b0 activities and facilitated projects with local residents.\par
\i Taught\i0  environmental education, compost and permagardening, and English to villagers and students.  \i Completed\i0  other environmental projects: an ecotourism/income generation project opening a tourist shop to sell local handicrafts partnering with Tanzania National Parks; \i established\i0  environmental clubs and tree nurseries for an agroforestry project.\par
\i Performed\b\i0  \b0 Health activities \endash  facilitated education on HIV, wrote grant for HIV training, and helped organize community theater with HIV Group; nutrition education, sanitation. \par
\i Participated\b\i0  \b0 in the grant committee, cross cultural work, and grass roots development projects;  \i Communicated\b\i0  \b0 in Swahili and by writing blog to teach Americans about my experiences ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tanzaniadave.blogger.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://tanzaniadave.blogger.com/}}}\f1\fs22 ); did an information exchange program through Worldwise Schools\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\b\fs20\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\fs22 Washoe Tribe of Nevada and California - Environmental Specialist 1; \par
Recycling Coordinator\par
\b0 Washoe Environmental Protection Department-\b  \b0 919 US Hwy 395 South, Gardnerville, NV 89423   \par
(775)265-8680   January 2007-March 2010\par
\par
Recycling Coordinator\b  \b0 for native American tribal environmental department.  Self Supervised all job duties, managed projects, and submitted grant quarterly reports.  \par
\i Managed\i0  solid waste/hazardous waste grants and \i Implemented\i0  auto recycling project.     \par
\i Recycled\i0  household items, metal, and household hazardous waste.  \par
\i Completed\i0  open/illegal dump assessments and \i coordinated\i0  cleanups.  \par
\i Performed\b\i0  \b0 outreach/education with tribal members and at community events.\par
\i Drove\i0  vehicles, towed trailers. \i Maintained\b\i0  \b0 computer databases; \i Ran\i0  compost program.    \par
\i Completed\i0  trainings (RCRA, refrigerant removal, tribal solid waste, HAZWOPER/hazmat)                \par
\i Obtained\i0  equipment and \i expanded\b\i0  \b0 the recycling program. \i Took\i0  GPS coordinates and    \par
 \i photodocumented \i0 activities.  \par
\par
Previously worked on conservation crew completing forestry and other field projects\par
\par
\b\par
Nevada Conservation Corps, Great Basin Institute - Crew Member, \par
Chainsaw Forestry Crew\b0     \b\par
\b0 Mailstop 99, UNR Reno, NV 89557 (775)784-1192  May  2006-August 2006\par
\par
Performed forestry environmental work in Lake Tahoe region, thinning timber stands to mitigate fire hazards. \par
\i Completed\b\i0  \b0 national service as an Americorps member.   \i Camped/worked\i0  in field.  \par
\i Performed\i0  restoration work- tree planting, fence building, and road decommissioning.  \par
\i Maintained\b\i0  \b0 equipment.  \i Attended\i0  safety meetings.  \i Completed\i0  projects with partners such as U.S. Forest service and the Nevada department of Forestry. \i Exceeded\b\i0  \b0 goals. \par
\i Completed\b\i0  \b0 summer contract.\par
\b\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s3\par
Oregon Water Resource Department, Office of the Watermaster District 2 - Watermaster\rquote s Assistant/Intern\b0      225 5\super th\nosupersub  St Central Lane Justice Court Springfield, Oregon 97477 (541)682-3620  February 2005-December 2005 \par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\ri-1440\par
Worked as intern in Watermaster\rquote s office. \par
\i Learned\i0  about water rights (surface and groundwater) and Oregon Water Law.\par
\i Researched\i0  water rights on Water Resource website; \i Interpreted\i0  GIS maps. Did water \par
right mapping.\b  \par
\b0\i Performed\b\i0  \b0 fieldwork: \i measured\i0  streamflow using gages; \i took\i0  GPS coordinates of wells, \par
\i checked\i0  water rights, \i performed\i0  dam inspections with assistant watermaster. \par
\i Managed\i0  project checking well logs for errors. \i Answered\i0  questions from the public via telephone. \b\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\ri-1440\qc\par
\fs28 Other Work Experience:\b0  \fs22\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b\par
Alamo Navajo School, High School Science Teacher, Alamo New Mexico\par
\b0 P.O. Box 5907, Alamo, New Mexico, 87825   July 2014-Dec 2014\par
\par
Taught high school science to grades 9-12 at community school on the Alamo Navajo Indian Reservation.  \par
\i Taught\i0  five subjects- physical science, biology, chemistry, environmental science, and crew.  \i Created\i0  daily lesson plans, assignments, and tests for each class.  \par
\i Utilized\b\i0  \b0 a variety of teaching resources and methods such as the internet, textbook lessons, videos, multimedia presentations, and lectures.\par
\i Entered\b\i0  \b0 grades.  \i Managed\i0  classroom behavior.  \par
\i Attended\i0  student parent conferences, staff meetings, teacher trainings, and school events.  \b\par
\par
\par
Eastern Nevada Landscape Coalition, Field Crew Plant Monitor, Ely, Nevada\par
\b0 P.O. Box 150266, Ely, NV 89315     May 2014-June 2014\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\ri-1440\qj\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\ri-1440 Worked on a field crew monitoring plants in post-fire wildlands.  \par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\ri-1440\qj\b\par
\b0\i Drove\i0  work trucks.  \i Worked\i0  and camped in field on BLM land.\par
\i Navigated\i0  to remote plots using maps and GPS units.\par
\i Learned\i0  the scientific names of all plants on sites and how to identify them by sight and traits.  \par
\i Set up\i0   monitoring plots to determine native plant recovery on post-fire sites.  \par
\i Used\b\i0  \b0 scientific protocol. \i Entered\i0  data into computer databases.\par
\i Followed\i0  safety protocol.  Worked in teams.  \par
\i Attended\i0  trainings on plant identification and wilderness first aid.\par
\par
\b\par
Examiner-Writer\b0 , \b Sustainable Lifestyles  \b0 April 2011-August 2011\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
Wrote online lifestyle articles about sustainable living in the Miami, Florida edition of the Examiner. Had articles published for national online news magazine with regional circulations.  Wrote about such topics as natural areas within the urban setting, recycling, and public transportation.\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\ri-1440\b\par
\par
\pard\ri-1440 Natural Capital Institute - Wiserearth Intern\b0  November 2007-February 2008 \b{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.naturalcapital.org/wiserearth.htm"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.naturalcapital.org/wiserearth.htm}}}\b0\f1\fs22  \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
Researched and added organizations to non-profit Environmental/Social Justice organization\rquote s database.  Added over four hundred organizations in five fields: endangered species, watershed management, sustainable livelihoods, natural resource management, and sustainable forestry.  Worked part time via computer as a remote intern.\par
\par
\b\par
Sustainable Forestry Network - Intern\b0  454 Willamette St. #211, Eugene, Oregon 97401 June 2005-August 2005 \par
\par
Worked for non-profit (PAC) environmental forestry organization. Utilized outreach to the public, and worked through the legislative process to establish a ballot initiative to achieve goals. Wrote letters to the media.  Research project on forestry organizations and forestry issues.  Fundraising.\par
\par
\b\fs24\par
Qualifications/Trainings\fs22 : \b0 International environment service, Environmental fieldwork, grant writing, 4WD/navigation/GPS, permagardening/composting, plant identification, eight years Environmental work experience, supervision and project management/implementation, Tribal/EPA recycling and hazardous waste management/RCRA, B.S. in Environmental Studies, environmental education, outreach, forestry/tree nursery/agroforestry, water resource, wilderness first aid, sustainable living writing, ecotourism, cross culture work, teaching high school science, plant surveys, report writing, grant writing/review/reporting\par
\par
\b Education: \par
University of Oregon\b0 , Eugene Oregon August 1993-June 1998, January 2003-August 2005 \par
Bachelor of Science in Environmental Studies.  \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 